c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\winguCloudManager.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\winguCloudManager.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\winguCloudManager.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.1.5.3.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuButton.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuCircleProgress.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuFormDock.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuImageButton.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuLabel.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPictureBox.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.Licensing.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.1.5.3.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuButton.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuCircleProgress.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuFormDock.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuImageButton.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuLabel.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuPictureBox.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\obj\Debug\winguCloudManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\obj\Debug\winguCloudManager.Form1.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\obj\Debug\winguCloudManager.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\obj\Debug\winguCloudManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\obj\Debug\winguCloudManager.exe.licenses
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\obj\Debug\winguCloudManager.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\winguCloudManager\winguCloudManager\obj\Debug\winguCloudManager.pdb
